chore: add clarity to CHT release steps (#9163)
medic/cht-core: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/z_release_major.md

When development is ready to begin one of the engineers should be nominated as a Release Engineer. They will be responsible for making sure the following tasks are completed though not necessarily completing them.

> - [ ] Checkout to a new `<major>.<minor>.<patch>-release` branch (eg 4.4.x-release) and set the version number in the `package.json` and `package-lock.json`. The easiest way to do this is to use `npm --no-git-tag-version version <major|minor>`. Once the version is updated, submit a PR to `master` branch.

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this branch naming example - at this point this is just a regular branch for updating `master` but it's very close to the format of the actual release branch, and it risks trigger the code that does the releasing. How about this..

```suggestion
- [ ] Checkout to a new `<issue>-update-version` branch (eg: `1234-update-version`) and set the version number in the `package.json` and `package-lock.json`. The easiest way to do this is to use `npm --no-git-tag-version version <major|minor>`. Once the version is updated, submit a PR to `master` branch.
```

This is consistent with the branch naming conventions in the documentation.

> - [ ] Ensure that issues associated with merged commits to `master` are closed and mapped to a milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ensure that issues associated with commits merged to `master` since the last release are closed and mapped to the milestone.
```

# Releasing - Release Engineer

> Once the PR has been merged into `master`, and the `master` branch has the new version number, then the release process can start:

Reviewer: I prefer the old wording. The new wording only talks about the version change PR, whereas the old wording is talking about ALL the issues in the milestone.

- [ ] Create a new release branch from `master` named `<major>.<minor>.x` in `cht-core`. Post a message to #development Slack channel using this template:
```
@core_devs I've just created the `<major>.<minor>.x` release branch. Please be aware that any further changes intended for this release will have to be merged to `master` then backported. Thanks!
```

> - [ ] Build a beta named `<major>.<minor>.<patch>-beta.1` by pushing a lightweight git tag (e.g. `git tag <major>.<minor>.<patch>-beta.1`) and then push the created tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Build a beta named `<major>.<minor>.<patch>-beta.1` by creating a lightweight git tag (e.g. `git tag <major>.<minor>.<patch>-beta.1`) and then push the created tag.
```
